I think it's actually still kind of hard
for me to talk about but I am down to go
there your Square chin makes me feel
safe
[Music]
what's our mission Penny the
conversation starts on a horn field and
Rural Illinois being a queer feminine
child is hard there was sexual abuse and
there was bullying but all that trauma
came back into the most self-destructive
era I've had my face and a plate of coke
then I discovered zuck's work I got HIV
I put myself in so many really dangerous
situations someone pulled a gun on you
take me into that movement
the startup hairdresser and now your
name is on the Marquee of Radio City
your schedule's been crazy how are you
feeling great fall and at the same time
it really frustrated I just see so much
transphobic garbage all over the place
people really think that there's little
kids going to school as a boy and coming
home as a girl this is really serious
and so this has been a really hard time
and I think being a public figure who is
constantly expected to be a ray of
sunshine it can be challenging but why
I've been able to get to where I am is
like because I think I'm resilient I
have been able to sit with a lot of
Shame and like a lot of heartbreak and
still be joyful can you talk about your
trauma without becoming your trauma
do I get to ask the question of the next
person yes and also they'll be turned
into cards that people will play with
their families and stuff so it can't be
what's the [__] thing you've ever
done
Jonathan Van ness's Story is an
impossible Story coming from a place of
sexual abuse sex work depression and
despair
to becoming the leader in his industry
The Story You're about to hear is not
only hilarious because that is what
Jonathan is but it's also the evidence
that you might need that passion and
resilience will take you to the place
that you want to go to this conversation
is going to make you laugh it's one of
the more real conversations I've ever
had with anyone on this podcast because
Jonathan doesn't hold back his story is
heart-wrenching it is unthinkable
and it's incredibly important
over the last couple of months there's
been this huge rise in the conversation
around trans rights and there's been a
huge rise in transphobia you've probably
seen it
today I'm going to ask him about that
where has it come from
what is the truth and if you're someone
like me that feels quite uncomfortable
about the narratives we're seeing in the
world
what can we do about it how can we help
it's time to have that uncomfortable
conversation
[Music]
one of them yes where do we need to
begin this conversation
to understand you
the conversation starts on a corn field
and Rural Illinois
in the late 80s
darling
what happens next oh
um well I went to school my I come from
a broadcasting family and like a family
of journalists I grew up my mom uh
worked in the local newspaper and
advertising and my dad worked in the TV
station uh so that's kind of where it
started I was born in 1987. I think that
was like another really interesting time
in queer history and what was to come
for the next few years
um being that it was like the height of
the height of the AIDS crisis and I
think understanding not understanding
that but
um being a very queer uh effeminate
small child in that time
um there was so much like anti-queer
vitriol then
um which I didn't like know that's what
it was called but I felt it and it's so
it's interesting being like this age now
and having like this Renaissance not in
the Beyonce way of like such anti-queer
sentiment you're five years old when
your parents separate
um
what's that like for you I actually just
had a joke about this in my new
um set my first reaction was like can I
have the ring like my brothers are
really devastated I just was like all
about that diamond like I've always
loved jewelry I was like oh my God that
would look great with my geodes so I
didn't really understand like any sort
of like emotional implication from like
my parents divorce
um love my dad love my mom but I was
like
I kind of I think I was like maybe too
young to fully understand I do think
that It ultimately set me on like um
like my stepdad and I I
my mom started dating him when I was
like six and I write a lot about him in
my first book over the top um his name
was Steve and so ultimately he taught me
so much about what it is to be a good
person what it is to have integrity what
it is to ask for help um he had been
sober for 28 years when he died in 2012
and he was like and me and my dad are
both really important to me but
Steve and my dad like were a really good
um you know role models in my life in a
lot of ways and but it took me like from
like six to like
16 to like like Steve uh but then I
eventually like really you know loved
Stephen appreciated him so much for all
the things that he taught me
oh thank you stay out
for context the shoulder thing is uh do
you want to explain Jonathan yes it's
like this gorgeous like little like tube
dress honey and what it can give you is
this like turtleneck moment but that's
giving me too much restriction it is
pride so we need the shoulder out
because it's really like this issiniaki
moment that's like the shoulders meant
to Peekaboo is that easy yeah that's
beautiful pretty right yeah I want to
screaming the microphone I just get so
excited talking about dresses
so he's just told us to what contingent
on this interview was us letting him
know whatever the the Izzy mizaki number
just slides a little too high we've got
to remind him to slide it down so if we
say shoulder that's what we mean
um how did you get on with your peers
when you're that age did you feel like
you fit fitted in per se no no
um but I did have some really good
friends and some people who I I think I
know I knew really early that friendship
was really important so I always had
like some really close friends
um but a lot of times I think there was
like you know quite a bit of like
widespread bullying but I think that
that really hit a fever pitch like more
like you know like sixth grade like post
sixth grade
like maybe pre that there was like
little murmurings and like a little bit
of weirdness but I think kids are like
so young at that age that they're not
really like or at least in my case it
wasn't like that horrific
um bullying wise at the time it was more
like post sixth grade I feel like but
also it's like so funny I just noticed
this like part of me that's like
like being 36 and still talking about it
like I feel like because I have
processed so much of it and I've worked
so hard on letting go of a lot of that
and
um
so like for me it doesn't really hold a
lot of
like
like Brittany Brown she talks about like
you know can you talk about your trauma
without becoming your trauma and I think
in like
I think it's actually still kind of hard
for me to talk about like I have this
like harder part that kind of comes up
and it's like oh like I just don't like
going there
but I am down to go there your Square
chin makes me feel safe but yeah you
know what I'm saying well you you take
me there you take me to where you want
to go because I I am in my own
experience only black kid in an
all-white school I grew up in Devon in
the southwest which is like the
countryside so I remember the feelings
of just const because it's a small town
as well and you're different this
constant feeling of almost
a constant state of like my body was
always in fight or flight almost just
like subtly and I read I read hints of
that in your story but please do tell me
um what your experience was no that
totally that absolutely resonates I
think I also write a lot about like this
idea that like
um like a lot of like joy and like
happiness can coexist with grief and
like shame like these emotions don't
necessarily like invalidate each other
so even though I did have
um a lot of hardships and there was
abuse and there was bullying and there
was a lot of othering like I think
that's why I'm still so obsessed with
figure skating and gymnastics like when
figure skating and gymnastics was on the
TV I was the happiest person of all time
like none of the other things mattered
so I think those kind of moments of like
escapism like were these really healing
moments why even now as an adult like
those types of things are so exciting
for me and I'm just like so into it
because it I think it like it strikes at
like that core memory of like
just being really into something else
um which I'm glad I'm still into that
even though I'm like more into my life
now than I was and obviously like I did
get out of there and I did like you know
a lot of my dreams came true
The escapism Well in that situation what
were you escaping from
feeling like really I mean it was like I
said a really queer kid and a very like
ciset world so my hometown is like my
family was like quite well known in my
hometown and I was really like
unabashedly myself and so there was a
lot of like feedback from that as I got
older
so that I think that was like a lot of
and I also was you know abused I'm
Survivor of sexual abuse so there was
like like I would hear about like other
kids and like you know whether it was
like poverty or like see it on the news
like kids or like even just like kids at
school like you know there's like kids
at school who like clearly are going
through it and like do not have the
access to the resources that you have
um but meanwhile I was like definitely
having people call me [__] definitely
being sexually abused um and I remember
thinking like oh I'm glad I don't have
it as bad as like you know so it's like
it's interesting how like our
perspective like is like
just so funny like when you're a kid you
just don't have anything to compare it
to but looking back to it on it I'm like
I think I'm my little inner child and
like all the things that my nickname
growing up was Jack like what he went
through and I'm like oh my God honey
that was like so intense
you know like just growing up like there
and like having yeah it's intense
you've been really open about
um the incident of sexual abuse that
you've experienced and how that had a
sort of a skating impact on the rest of
your life is there a point where you
where someone around you highlights the
significance of that to you at that age
no I think that the problem with unlike
sexual abuse is so many and I you know I
don't like blame anyone for this because
it's just like what happens that there's
such this like an um insistence on like
like
not talking about it you know like like
don't let anyone find out and I
understand that because like you like
it's like you just don't want people to
find out like whether it's like bringing
shame on the church or bringing shame on
like why didn't anyone prevent this so
it's like it I don't think it was like I
think we just all wanted to like just
get through it and I don't think any
like there's so much shame and stigma
tied up in sexual abuse that I think
when it happens you're but at the same
time like my mom was really wanted to
deal with things like in a very head-on
way and like really when it was like
therapy like we gotta get like once she
knew she was like [__] like God like but
then there was like other forces and
like other people and you know our lives
that were like I don't think and whether
that was like church leaders or other
people that were like I don't think
that's really you know like what happens
if you talk like does you really want
your kid to be like you know so they're
in essentially like small rural spaces
and I think that's part of what makes me
so angry when we think about
um you know when people say you know the
trans people are you know groomers or
drag queens or like all this idea like
queer people or groomers like there is
so much sexual abuse in churches there's
so much sexual abuse in rural
communities in urban communities and all
the communities and when you look at the
statistics most often it is like a man
that you know it is like a man in the
family A man in the church a friend of
the family it's someone that you know
it's like not random queer people
um and I just think
part of why we have these like
Fantastical ideas of like these threats
to our kids is because of the thing that
I was just speaking about that like we
don't talk about what really happens
because we want to keep it private and
we want to keep things really inside and
so when you're like um when you're
drawing like it just it makes it and
also it's like this like smoke and
mirrors thing when you're saying that
it's one thing it's like gaslighting
really from this whole other thing which
in this case is like the pervasive
sexual abuse in churches in um you know
in families and communities that is just
so you know not spoken about and we're
over here talking about drag queens and
trans people
you said that your mother was very um
proactive with going to therapy and
things like that which is an incredible
thing yeah so for the time so especially
because even now that's quite seen as
being quite a progressive thing to do
but but back then when you're 16 years
old for that to be one of the first sort
of suggestions to take you to therapy
seems to be honey I was in therapy when
I was five I remember like my parents
got divorced like I remember like being
in therapy when I was so little that
like I had to like look up at my mom
like this like holding her hand you know
what I'm saying like because then they
got divorced we went to like family
therapy so like therapy was always very
normalized for me and my mom
um it was just like one of the things I
just am so grateful to her for
that she like normalized therapy like
thank God I don't think I'd be alive
without if she hadn't done that what
about if I'd ask that 16 year old
version of you what are you gonna do
when you're older I always knew I wanted
to do hair right like but I think my
family was like you need to go to
college so I was like maybe I was like
I'll be a lawyer or something but then I
was like girl you can't be a lawyer
you're gonna I love doing hair I think I
knew I wanted to do hair yeah yeah I I
think about my teenage years and I think
I didn't know
the impact I use the word formative at
the start I didn't know how I'd been
formed until I was an adult and I saw
like patterns playing out
what were the prints sort of that left
on you from your earliest years that
stayed with you as an adult
I think my fur like I went I think one
of my big first phases of like
wanting to understand
more about like uh like my trauma or
like my story it was like Eckhart Tolle
and a new Earth and the Power of Now and
like
2008 or nine it was like when Oprah was
talking about him and then I was like
who's this that cartoli honey and then I
read The Power of Now And A New Earth
and I was like
hmm you go I don't have an ego what's he
talking about and I was like oh that's
like the story that we tell ourselves I
was like so like my stories that I'm
like this like gay kid from this little
town and I was like abused and like this
and that I love cheer and I loved it
like really I'm like The Observer of
that like I'm not really that I'm like
this like that was like when I started
to learn about like what meditation was
and what Stillness was and
um that really gave me a lot of healing
and kind of like Clarity and then I uh
that didn't last that long because I did
eventually get addicted to math like not
that long after that so but thank God I
had that introduction to that sort of
healing at that time because I was able
to come back to it so that and then I
think so then my stepdad got really sick
the one I was talking about earlier
um Steve he was diagnosed with cancer in
like 2009 and I was really far away I
was like living in La they were in
Illinois and I was in a really
um
you know
difficult working situation I was like
in my first serious relationship and
then all of those
um all that trauma manifesting itself
was came back in terms of like
um my sexual compulsivity so I'm like in
love for the first time and I just like
was having such a hard time like in my
first relationship like just cheating
Non-Stop and being like Oh like which I
talk a lot about in my first book
um and so that was when I was like okay
I really need help like I don't know
like so I'd had that versatile
introduction to Healing with like
Eckhart you know solo 2122 then Steve
gets sick he ultimately dies and then
it's after that that I'm like really
need help and that's like when I get
into therapy that's when I um start to
get into 12 step myself uh which I I
think being a non-binary queen anything
that's too much this or that it's like
so sobriety was like oh I just like I
want to be totally sober but I did get a
lot of healing there
um so I'm kind of a harm reduction Queen
but so all through my 20s I think and I
don't think that we ever get to a place
as much as I wish that we would where
you're just like ah dealt with my trauma
it's like in a box and I never have to
look at it again I never have to deal
with it again and I think it's
interesting the ways that your
circumstances change and then your
trauma or your you know that baggage or
your ego is like is Eckhart refers to it
will
like manifest itself in different ways
but I hope that we get or I hope I get
better at um
like not identifying with the trauma or
the ego like when it's like being a
nightmare even though that's like also a
constant struggle like ask my husband
like where the [__] is my eyeliner you
went to um university right first
semester you dropped out like I did why
did you drop out I got really bad grades
and then I got addicted to drugs and
then I realized that I wanted to be a
hairdresser so what was I gonna waste
all that time and money for
was University or college I think they
call it in the US um the first time you
got addicted to drugs was that the first
time you started to seriously sort of
experiment with drugs
[Music]
um
does weed count
then no yes yes then it was like it's
not to we but that was the first time
that I ever did like
really intense drugs
you're away from this the small town the
issues of your your teen years at that
point so what was um what was that
context and environment like
well my mom was so right she was like
honey you're too young and I was like
get [__] I'm leaving and honey I was
so too young like I just immediately
just had my face and a plate of coke
like the first time I saw cocaine I was
like
like the first time I was like saw like
I was like that's ecstasy give me six
um and the next thing I knew you know
because like you like my parents got me
like that like thing that you get at
University like the little like campus
like card for the food so they're like
your food's paid for your dorms paid for
like you really don't need very much
money honey like so like my mom gave me
like 300 a month because like everything
else was paid for right like what else
could you [__] mean like I didn't
have to work like because like they did
everything right like so cool right like
so but I was like well how am I supposed
to get all messed up on drugs all the
time if I only have three hundred
dollars like that math isn't working
so right like it's like that's like two
days you know if you're really going out
with your friends
um so then I just was like then I
discovered like sex work and then I was
like oh next thing I knew I was like
pulling tricks to like
um get drugs so that I could do more
drugs and then after doing that for a
few months I was like
and I dropped out of college like
through that um I was like
um
because my mama cut me off by then I was
like Mommy um I'm so sorry I'm like
literally selling my body like I feel
scared like can you just put some money
in the checking account like I'll drive
the car home I'll be like I'll just come
I'll
I'll be back in three days can you just
I'm scared and she was like Jesus yes
this is my baby and so she did them poor
Mom right
um and so she did that cutely though
like right before that I found this
kitten in the hood of a car
um who was my first cat bugged the first
and honest to God I write about him too
like he really gave me like the will to
like not be a sex worker and because at
first it was like for funsies for to
just get drugs for partying right then
once I got cut off it was like no like I
don't want to go back home and like show
that I [__] up so I just need to like
figure it out but like that was really
not where I wanted to be it wasn't like
I was like doing sex work from a place
of empowerment I was doing it from like
a place of like deep trauma like wanting
validation trying to support a drug
habit like it was not a good place for
like an 18 year old to be I was like
really it was really like I put myself
in so many really dangerous situations
someone pulled a gun on you right yeah
it was really like a really really
dangerous situations
um and so yeah that was like I mean I
look back at some of the things that
happened and I honestly can't believe
that I made it
because
it was really like so touch and go in a
lot of situations like one little thing
different and it could have like so many
situations but that's true of anyone but
it was really you know traumatizing but
so I find this little cat and I realize
when I find this little cat I was like I
want this I want to raise this little
cat he was like this like little black
cat in the hood of this car and um but
that really was like so super healing
for me and I think that started like I'm
such a little like animal parent I have
like five cats and three dogs now with
my husband and that I really think it
was just like such a huge like Turning
Point like just like falling like just
falling in love with like cats and dogs
they're just like so healing finding a
little cat in the boot of a car seems to
be trivial but it's not is it because
really what I heard there is in a moment
where you were in a bit of a desperate
situation that cat gave you a reason and
a purpose yeah no it's a meaning yes and
then it has continued to be like a huge
source of like joy and like grounding
like in my life that is like really
so not trivial like really really was a
huge Turning Point quick one before we
get back to this episode just give me 30
seconds of your time
two things I wanted to say the first
thing is a huge thank you for listening
and tuning into the show week after week
means the world to all of us and this
really is a dream that we absolutely
never had and couldn't have imagined
getting to this place
secondly it's a dream where we feel like
we're only just getting started and if
you enjoy what we do here please join
the 24 of people who watch this channel
regularly and have hit the Subscribe
button means more than I can say and if
you hit that subscribe button here's a
promise I'm going to make to you I'm
gonna do everything in my power to make
this show as good as I can now and into
the future we're going to deliver the
guests that you want me to speak to and
we're going to continue to keep doing
all of the things you love about the
show
thank you thank you so much back to the
episode so if you go to her school yeah
where did you go la the Aveda Institute
at Minneapolis or Minneapolis yeah and
how did that go for you cute I got
better there I got better there and then
I
um and then I moved back to Arizona
after I finished school so I only lived
there for about a year
um in my mind I felt like my first
experience in Arizona because that's
where I went to college was like this
failure and I really wanted to like go
back and do better and like not have it
be a failure
um and so I moved back and then that was
like a really cute time like I got to
like I like worked before myself the
first time I had like my own chair at a
salon
um and that made me kind of feel like
responsible for like the first time and
like I turned 21 in that time and then
after a few years of that I was like I
felt like I couldn't really cut myself
out of a paper bag like I felt like I
was in a good hairdresser all I knew how
to do was like chunky Kelly Clarkson
highlights like Circa light Breakaway
2004 you know what I'm saying so then I
wanted to move to L.A and work at a
really good salon and have a devil worse
product experience so I did so then I
moved to LA and then that's when I like
really like figured out how to do better
hair because I got a good job at
assisting at a salon that was really
good and how were you doing at that time
how are you doing on a personal level
yeah yeah like 22 years old yeah like I
think it was it was I think I was like
handling the move to LA pretty well up
until my step dad got sick and then
that's when it was like and then and
then like my little like healing era
came to like a screeching halt
also the relationship it was like
falling in love and my stepdad's
diagnosis like together like yeah much
all my trauma got triggered in
was bad
was was there something in in hindsight
that you think could have been done to
stop the stepdad's illness situation
resulting in destructive Behavior was
there was there was there therapy needed
or a conversation or was there it was a
lack of a support network or something
that could have kind of caught you in a
moment where you were you were falling
Without Really knowing you were falling
no well I don't think so because I I
realized that I was like doing things
sexually at that time that like I
regretted and like I didn't feel good
about myself afterwards and that's how I
was kind of like oh I think this is like
a problem and then
um and that also kind of started
happening like right after I met like my
like my first love and so and I told him
about it I was honest with him I got
help
um so he knew I got a therapist at that
time but like
ultimately like I wasn't ready to to
deal with it and so no I think
that was kind of an interesting lesson
of like you can have all the support in
the world but if you're not ready to
like sit with your stuff like nothing's
gonna move you but um
he it wasn't until he left me and uh
Steve died that I and I got HIV that I
was like
okay I really want to like not do this
anymore and that was when I ultimately
like was able to get better but I needed
to really I did it with a lot of support
but I needed to
hit rock bottom and then get the support
I hear that a lot you know I hear this I
remember approaching
um I've got a friend who was in the
public Spotlight and I was trying to
figure out how I could help them because
they clearly were aren't R in a
difficult situation so I approached
their management and said what can I do
to be a supportive in this situation
their management said to me we've been
here quite a few times and in fact until
the person wants to make a change
um they won't and often we have to let
the person hit rock bottom before change
will happen and I remember at first
hearing that being really uncomfortable
with that the idea that you have to kind
of let someone get there on their own
and even if the route to there is
downward first before it's up it feels
really hard to accept I guess especially
when you love the person
do you think that's true yeah
yeah
but my subject always said you know like
not every like well he this is like all
12-step like well-known 12-step
phraseology but like every bottom has a
basement so I can always get worse and
also like you don't have to ride the
elevator to the bottom so like not every
like like everyone's Rock bottoms like
look different
like it doesn't mean that you have to
like oh yeah it doesn't mean someone's
gonna like bite it necessarily I mean
they might but
um some people are just like oh I got
like a DUI and that was enough okay
other people are like
you know yeah everyone's bottom looks
different
some people don't survive their bottoms
yeah
sex addiction something we don't talk
about enough we we talk about drug
addiction alcohol addiction we even talk
about social media addiction and Screen
addiction but having a conversation
about sex addiction seems to be
um harder than all of the aforementioned
forms of addiction I remember having
Terry Crews on the podcast
um when we're in LA and him telling me
that he had a porn addiction
um and it was just during his life on
the surface someone might find it hard
to understand how something like that
can destroy one's life
um you you talk about having a sex
addiction and going on a sex addiction
course I believe when you were during
that time when you roughly around you
the LA time what impact was it having on
your life and your relationships what's
interesting because I think if if I'm
correct I think like sexual sex
addiction
like is not like a recognized addiction
and like the DSD whatever DSM yeah DSM
um but it's whereas like you know other
ones are
um
so the effects I was having on my life
was like obviously I got HIV and but
even before that like I was already like
going to meetings and I'd already been
to rehab
twice before I got HIV so
um like a sex rehab no they were like
well one was one had like a sex uh like
a sexual compulsivity like course like
within the program and then the other
one that I went to I found like an
outpatient that that did that work so I
could like I went there like you know
during the day from like this other
rehab I had to be like in a you know
resourceful Queen
um
But ultimately it's like a process
addiction you know whether it's like
gambling food like sex it's like a it
was like a process
addiction so the way that um it was
affecting my life was like just you know
doing things that I regretted
um I describe a lot of like
disassociative Behavior like this like
inability to like just get off like
couldn't get off the phone couldn't stop
cruising like I just felt like I wasn't
like in control of like I wasn't in
control like so if you were to say like
and you know in part speaker like ifs it
would like like that firefighter was
like so Blended in my driver's seat like
I couldn't I couldn't get centered self
like into the goddamn car when you say
cruising you mean you were like
searching yeah it's like a queer a queer
term for like what like gays do when
you're like yeah whether it's like
you're cruising on grinder or you're
like in a bath house or like whatever
you're doing
can you tell me about that Journey so at
some point you realize that you've got
sexual compulsivity
at some point it becomes a problem in
your life and you lose your partner in
this case and there's you know you
realize that you've lost control of that
and then at some point you get to a
stage of healing where you become aware
and you understand where the origin of
this sexual compulsivity
that third Point understanding the
origins of that sexual compulsivity
when was that and how did that happen
well you know it's interesting I think
it's it's
um that reminds me of this thing that
this one guy in rehab said he said like
not knowing
why he was an alcoholic is not what made
him crazy it was needing to know why he
was an alcoholic is what made him crazy
um so I think it's a lot and and that
was actually a huge disappointment for
me and I think we put way too much
emphasis on like trying to like
understand your origin story because
like once I understood my origin story
and it was like really clear as day and
like I'd done all my work and I'd done
like all this processing and like all
the memories came back and like I
already had all the memories but then
like there was just certain things that
I was able to connect and like really
understand very clearly
um I was still left with the scarring
and I was still left with the patterns
like I still once I knew it wasn't like
I was like ah well now I don't want to
[__] 20 strangers anymore
like it wasn't like that like all of
that pattern and all of that like you
know
feels insecure wants validation won't
stop till they get the validation then
they feel insecure again for doing the
thing and then it like it's just a cycle
that like repeats itself all the time
and we talk about that in sexual
compulsivity it's like the trigger and
then like the trigger to do the thing
and then you start cruising for the
thing and then you do the thing and then
the shame from the thing just makes you
go right back into it so it's just this
like cycle so
um
really it was just like understanding
through so much like repetition of
hurting myself like there's like oh I
don't really want to do this I don't
feel better after I do this like I think
I'm going to but then I don't and
um so it was really just like through
continually like really hurting myself
and then going back to therapy like
falling off the horse getting back on
like and also like meth use has a huge
part to do with this for a lot of queer
people at least and I mean there are
straight people as well but I think it's
probably like lesser numbers
um because of like you know the whole
like meth and sex like scene which is
you know quite prevalent in queer
communities
um so it was not quite prevalent but
it's like relevant it happens and so I
think once the further away that I was
able to get from meth the easier it was
for me to heal from because also it's
like and I talk a lot about this in my
new show fun and [__] it's like
um sexuality isn't bad like sexuality is
good
um expressing her sexuality is good it's
lack of uh it's lack of consent it's
abuse population it's doing things that
you regret those are the things that are
not good
um but you know decoupling that like
kind of understanding that and
understanding like are you doing this
because you have a trauma response and
so you're doing this or you're doing
this because you really really want to
do it so there's like a whole you know
conversation about like sex positivity
to be had here too
um and you know a lot of people are
really opposed to the idea of sexual
compulsivity or sex addiction because
they're like that's really not sex
positive and maybe it's you know XYZ or
whatever but for me I think it's way
more important to recognize that like in
my case it was I didn't feel good and
now I feel better and I know a lot of
people like myself who were able to like
you know come more into a space of
healing and more into a space of like
balance with their like sexual self
so
um but again just like anything that's
never like all the way just like done
and dusted like you're always in
conversation with yourself and with your
trauma and and your behavior and like
how you want to regulate that or Express
that it would also be your Mist to say
like I mean I I already had a lot of
healing prior to meeting my husband and
I think that's part of like why I even
like met him you know universally
speaking anyway because I had done that
work but having a husband who I can be
open with and honest with and who you
know doesn't judge me for the things
that I've been through and he can like
create a safe space for you know to hold
my stuff with me is really helpful as
well
I was just chatting to some friends this
um this weekend Friday about how
we I was trying to figure out because
one of my the the people that I was with
the three of them they're all single
um they're seeking not to be single and
I was I was saying to them that I found
the right person in my life when I was
not necessarily the the completed
version of myself but I had to do a lot
of work to even find that jigsaw piece
that matched
me as a different shaped jigsaw piece
like I had to do a lot of work and I
wasn't all the way there because I do
feel like you go on a journey with that
partner but you have to kind of be
aiming in the same direction at least so
I guess my question to you this is a bit
of a tangent is do you what do you think
about that about like the the season
where we find the the right person how
much work do we have to do on ourselves
to be ready when we meet
that person
um there's this other type of therapy
that I love called pact therapy which
stands for like the psychobiological
approach to couples therapy which was um
invented by Dr stantatken so he created
pact therapy and so
he talks about an insecure functioning
relationship and a secure functioning
relationship so earlier when I was
thinking about my mom and my stepdad I
was like that secure functioning
relationship my first relationship was
an insecure functioning relationship
with my first partner that in
conjunction with like my stepdad's
illness and then just being like 24 and
out of my window of Tolerance could not
handle firefighters were activated all
[__] up you know like my life kind of
so that's that so but Stan says that you
can an insecure functioning relationship
can turn into a function a secure
functioning one if both parties want it
if they're both willing to like work on
themselves work on the relationship and
also Stan says that like a lot of
um Brokenness or like trauma in oneself
can actually really be healed through
that sort of like couple's therapy so I
don't know if you really have to be like
a more that whole thing of like two
fully formed circles need to make the
chain because like if you're a
fragmented how are you like you're gonna
make a [__] up so I think I think we
actually it pisses me off when people
get too much into that like relational
expert stuff because like just like we
all have our own experience like every
relationship has its own experience so
we can like pull from some like
you know um what's that called like uh
like we can pull from some like data of
or like but like not real day like just
like oratory like data of just people
talking about it and telling us things
and well my friend this and my friend
that but like ultimately I think that
like there is there's like a different
path for everyone to find like their
relationship and whether or not it
starts and I also think even in my
marriage like I feel like we've had
moments that we got married after like
six months like in the middle of a
[__] pandemic like it was you know it
was wow it was a weird time you know
because we just started saying I love
you and then borders shut down and then
I was like if we want to keep I don't
know if I can just not get [__] by you
for like years in like a respiratory
pandemic like I like you know like I
think I need you to like get over here
but he was British and I'm American and
so we just were like let's see what
happens and then once you get to the end
of that FDA Visa or whatever it's like
you either gotta get married and so it
wasn't the way I think either of us ever
imagined that like we would get married
but like we are so happy I'm so glad
that we did we've learned so much about
each other we're like it's like
I'm so happy that we did but like when I
was little I don't know if I was like
imagining they would like I'd get
married like a backyard like with only a
judge because like you know no one's
family could be there because there's no
you know what I mean so Something
Beautiful about that though it was
amazing and I'm like so happy that we
did it but I just think everyone can
have like a different like approach and
just because you've had this or that or
that like everyone just has like their
own way and I think that's like cool
movies [__] us up there didn't they yeah
they really do you know it's expectation
expectation expectation and then that
kills happiness and makes us confuse
real with you know I don't know some of
the [__] and
hmm that's a really great answer
it's a really great answer we do we try
and work out the perfect formula for
things too much in life but there is
really no Perfection when you're dealing
with such complex organisms yes forming
complex relationships so
you moved to is it St Louis yeah St
Louis yeah St Louis when you were 25
what was that about why did you leave it
alone
um wanted to be closer than my stepdad
and so uh yeah that was my and also
because I was like couldn't stop
I was like La is why I can't stop doing
drugs and having sex with strangers even
though I love this person so much like
let's and then unfortunately as my
stepdad always said no matter where you
go there you are so obviously leaving La
didn't fix anything and then he actually
passed away like three weeks after we
left LA and got to St Louis so it was
like bad on bad and then I really really
freaked out like then I was that was
like the most self-destructive era
take me into that moment
well
one two fine
it's in the book
yeah I read I read um I read I read that
that was a very difficult time for you
um
because I also think that like we don't
need to like I don't need to like War
Story which is like what we call it in
rehab like when you talk about like the
worst thing I mean there's a way that
you can do it like with respect and like
not speak you know it's like I was doing
this much things in these drugs and but
like
I also you know in protecting my energy
like I've been on an international tour
for 10 days like I've given myself so
much into like my new show like which
has been I'm so proud of it's like my
third like hour of Comedy but like
I'm not all the way in a space where
like I want to speak to that part in my
life right now so I'm just going to set
a really loving boundary so I don't
really want to chat about it that's fine
I respect that thanks honey what do him
if I if I when's the next significant
moment in your life then so you that
Stephen is his name Steve Steve passes
away
um causes a series of issues in your
life
um you move back to LA did you ever
think TV and media would be part of your
not in this way no and how exciting that
that like it was such like a curveball
but no I mean I just was like
accidentally telling a really talented
producer
um an actress and comedian friend of
mine uh who is a client about Game of
Thrones and I was like have you seen
this show it's like this and it's that
like I did a little impromptu recap of
it as I was like doing her hair and when
I was done she was like that's a series
and so then we did Gay of Thrones that
was like December of 12 and then the
next year we started doing gay of
Thrones that like
March and then
um The Game of Thrones came out and it's
going to be like one episode but then we
got Alfie Allen for our second episode
and then Funny or Die was like keep
doing this and so then I went really
from being like a hairdresser to
learning on the job how to be a
performer how to like improv how to
deliver scripted lines how to write how
to produce I mean I was writing and
producing and didn't even know that
that's what I was doing because I was
doing it on the job
so like I like I just learned like this
whole new skill set kind of like over
the years like for like three months a
year like I would do Gay of Thrones and
I just like kind of slow and then after
doing Game of Thrones for two years I
was like oh this is so fun I want to do
this more and so then that's when I
started my podcast getting curious
and then I did I got to like learn how
to produce that and learn how to
research for that and book clients for
that I mean I think I did like the first
50 episodes with like myself and a sound
engineer but I was like booking at
myself like it was like it was like I
was like just learning like all these
things that I had never really done and
so then I really started to get like
stung by that bee and I was like I want
to do this more and I always have loved
doing hair but I was like I want to be I
want to write more I want to be more on
camera I want to like I want to do this
more often and then in 2018 the queer
eye or it was actually not 18 it was
2017. I read that the reboot was
happening and they were casting for it
and I was like
like this is what I've been waiting for
like this is the vehicle like I always
loved queer eye growing up my
grandparents and I would watch it
together it was like
I'm ready and then I I went to that
audition and that audition was
literally
like the scene in Mean Girls when
they're all at the fountain and
everyone's like tackling each other
um it was like that except for
everyone's like being really sweet and I
remember like this one creator of the
show like his eyes like I said this like
funny thing and I was like okay
you need to be like you are on Gay of
Thrones all times like you need to be on
15 and you just say [__] one-liners
all the time like just be the funniest
you have ever even thought about being
for the next 48 hours capiche like
that's what I was saying like in my head
and I did like I was just like and I
just was like so on
why you
you know I think so I I hope not me
darling well I have my suspicions but I
for you to you know it wasn't just an
audition even the stuff you were doing
with um was it funny or die wasn't it
the the channel back then yeah Game of
Thrones yeah yeah
um
do you ever pause and think
like
what is it about you that made you
really successful in Game of Thrones and
then really successful in queer eye what
is it about you in your own assessment
I don't know really I really don't
because I think it could have been a
million people I think that I have I
think I'm resilient
I think that I have been told no so many
times and didn't turn around and go back
I like found a different way I think
that's really important we've got
resilience but you know just from
meeting you now you have a remarkable
talent for wit and humor you're very
funny and you have a very Unforgettable
personality you're like you're
unbelievable energy
and no I'm no but I'm I'm you know no
thank you no but you know something I
can't do what you do and I've only met
you for like I don't know an hour or so
and I can't be I'm not as
hilarious and witty and I don't know I
don't I can't almost describe it that
some people just have like a really
engaging personality and you have that
you have that like energy that's a huge
part of it surely your success
um because you're in you know especially
on TV and now I don't know I really
don't like I see people like I have I
know people that make me laugh that I
think are way funnier than me
like way funnier way more witty way more
like Unforgettable personalities but
like I think that a lot of the people
who I'm thinking of like had some
message from the like in their lives
where like they were like either or like
their moment hasn't happened yet it's
one of the two yeah yeah
um but I think for a lot of people like
maybe like backed away or like we're
like I don't want to like because like I
because actually in retrospect like I
really it's not just I think that like
oh I didn't chase my dream I actually
really did Chase this like with gay of
Thrones you know like I like I wanted
more than gay after I mean Game of
Thrones started in 2013 and I didn't
book queer eye until 2017 and then there
was no knowing if queer I was going to
work or not until like 2018. so I mean
2013 was 10 years ago like I've been at
this for a long time
um and so and there was like so many
setbacks like so many
setbacks through that time your
authentic self I've sat here with a lot
of people in TV and TV and media can
often make us it can incentivize us to
become a cat like not character but like
and I sat here with Jake Humphries in a
wonderful lady called Fern cotton who a
TV
yeah so Fern told me on on the podcast
that she spent 10 years as a TV
presenter and she I think realized at
some point that she was living outside
of herself and at least
um she wasn't able to reflect the full
array of her who she was
um and that resulted in panic attacks
and other sort of psychological issues
she had
um
and it's and it's made and now she's so
successful doing happy place where she's
able to be herself so this conversation
around
or like being your authentic self being
the the pathway to your greatest success
what is your take on that this idea of
like showing up as yourself regardless
of The Temptations or
disincentivizations or incentivizations
to be something else how important to
you has been being yourself regardless
even like because I I totally understand
but even that feels like um
I don't think like what is like all the
way authentic well it's like all the way
yourself because I always get leery when
we're like because like if if the
alternative is like I don't think that
there's a such thing as a vegan like all
the way yourself or not yourself at all
so I think it's like a spectrum like
everything is kind of really much more
like a spectrum than it is like a binary
like choice so and like when you were
saying with Fern it was like you know
she's like a TV presenter but she
couldn't show like the fullness of
herself so like that's why I wrote over
the top because I and I and I think in
love that's where I say like or no it's
an over the top I say like I love an
episode of queer eye just as much as the
next person but if I can't tell you my
full truth and tell you who I really am
then like I can't help other people like
me and I actually can't even be myself
and then the whole Crux of over the top
is and what I ask in the book is like
would you still want to have a selfie
with me like would you still love me if
you knew my whole story and so that's
you know and then I say and love that
story that the resounding answer that I
got from so many people was yes you know
I do still love you
um and like in most cases it was like
even more so but were there Parts
um I think we always have parts of
ourselves that are informed by external
factors like if I didn't get feedback
from people when I go like when I say
something funny that that if I didn't
get positive feedback from that would I
still be making all those jokes
like so does that mean I'm not really
you know what I'm saying like every
every way that we show up in the world
is because of like our socialization our
relationships like our communities like
I don't think that that makes you like
it's really like your relationship with
your self and I don't think that like
I don't think there's like authentic and
like inauthentic
there's like there's like sometimes I'm
more like this because of this this
thing and sometimes I'm more like that
because of that thing you know what I
mean perfect makes perfect sense
that's so interesting but it is the
truth and you know I think is actually
more authentic is like being able to
like speak to what you're actually
feeling like in the moment like I feel
like earlier when we were saying like
um like I literally caught myself I was
like oh like you know brene Brown says
can you talk about your trauma without
becoming your trauma and I was like
literally laying that up because I was
feeling vulnerable with you I was and I
didn't like it so I was like oh yeah I
totally can like I can totally speak and
it like doesn't really hurt me because I
don't really want to talk about it that
much because it's like but then it's
like actually that was really a
protector part that was coming up
because I didn't want to talk about it
and I felt like I was gonna become my
trauma like because I am a little tired
and I am a little run down like after
the last two weeks like I've worked my
[__] ass off for these last two weeks
and another thing that's interesting
that I don't really want to talk about
but when I was originally supposed to
when we were going to do this the last
time I had like a really close family
member die super young super out of the
blue like which we don't but she got
strep throat and died in four days my
sister-in-law and so that's why I wasn't
in the United Kingdom which I also
didn't ever talk about publicly because
it's like not anything I wanted to talk
about but like it's I think really what
being authentic is is Having the courage
and like the vulnerability to say like
this is what I'm going through like this
is like actually the thought that I
actually had in my head like when I was
about to try to lie to you like this is
really what it was and like for me it's
like sometimes it's like if you come up
to me for a selfie and like especially
on that day like with Leslie my
sister-in-law like I wasn't taking
selfies it wasn't in a good mood when my
cat fell out of a window and you asked
me for a selfie I wasn't gonna take a
selfie
and sometimes I'll be like yeah like
let's just like let's do it but then
sometimes but you know normally if my
life is okay and I'm not going through
like some horrific trauma that's not the
energy I give you when you want a selfie
I'm like yeah girl like it's like let's
do it but sometimes I'm not always like
that and so I think that's really what's
authentic is saying that like just
because you always see me like or the
two episodes of queer eye that you saw
being five years ago and you remember me
saying some funny quippy things
what's really authentic is me being able
to be like that's not always who I am
and there's actually like a fuller
picture there it's like that is like
what authentic is but there is there
have been moments like where I was
probably like totally someone asking for
yourself and it's like sure girl let's
do it on the inside I was like I want to
die
like I don't feel good I feel awful
and then the expectation of someone that
I need to perform that for them
constantly no matter what's going on
that [__] wears me out which is why I
can't do it all the time
so
like that's
yeah I like
I just think authenticity is like this
like buzzword that we use when like
really what it is is like are you
willing to like
be open about like what you need
like what your experience is like what
someone's like expecting of you
regardless of how the external world
might respond
positively or negatively to that yeah
gosh then if that is the definition of
authenticity it's even harder than I
thought because authenticity is it's
often portrayed as just like like being
being your personality what's in all
being that you know if my personality is
slightly weird in certain ways being
that regardless of company but in the
definition you've described there it's
like boundaries and like
staying true to myself regardless of the
consequences of that externally which is
as you say I have tied days I have days
when I'm in a bad mood when I'm when I
need some space where I don't want
anyone to talk to me and on those days
expressing that is authenticity yeah
yeah I love that my girlfriend came
upstairs yesterday when I was having a
shower and she said to me that she tried
the heel protein shake which lives on my
fridge over there and she said it's
amazing low calories you get your 20 odd
grams of protein you get your 26
vitamins and minerals and it's
nutritionally complete in the protein
space there's lots of things but it's
hard to find something that is nice
especially when consumed just with water
and that is nutritionally complete if
you haven't tried the heel protein
product do give it a try The Salted
Caramel one if you put some ice cubes in
it and you put it in a blender and you
try it is as good as pretty much any
milkshake on the market just mixed with
water it's been a game changer for me
because I'm trying to drop my calorie
intake and I'm trying to be a little bit
more healthy with my diet so this is
where he all fits in my life thank you
heal for making a product that I
actually like The Salted Caramel is my
favorite I've got the banana one here
which is the one my girlfriend likes but
for me salted caramel is the one
how are you feeling now yeah you know
your schedule's been crazy you've been
doing a lot of work lately yeah how are
you feeling
um
look I feel
I feel really
grateful
and at the same time I feel really
frustrated
um and that's the best way I can explain
it right now I'm going through a lot of
grief
I just lost my sister-in-law two months
ago
watching my nephews like grow up
you know dealing with unimaginable grief
I'm watching my brother deal with
unimaginable loss
um
so talking about you know how I'm
feeling and
it's just this has been a really hard
time and I think balancing
your private life with being a public
figure who is constantly expected to be
a ray of [__] Sunshine no matter what
is going on
it can be challenging
um
so
I love my hairline I love what I get to
do with gbn hair I love that I get to be
a comedian I love that when
I want to like do a show I can like
there's people that want to come see my
comedy like comedy has been so healing
for me and it's like one place in my
career where I get to be irreverent and
I get to like I feel like I'm the most
myself on stage I think that's like the
most accurate and unfiltered like
version of who I am is like on stage but
I think like any artist when you like
like I just been burning the candle at
both ends for the last like 10 days so
like in this very moment in my life like
actually this particular moment I feel
frustrated and grieving
um
when I zoom out a little bit and give
voice to that frustration and now I can
like sit with this or like longer than
actually tell like give a larger answer
um I feel
like
actually it's the same I feel grateful
and frustrated like Dylan Mulvaney is a
really good friend of mine I love her so
much I like watch what's happened to her
in the press for the last few months I'm
like so frustrated I just see so much
like
just absolute garbage like just
transphobic garbage all over the place I
see really not very many folks
really interrogating their beliefs
around their transphobia interrogating
like where are they getting their
information
um and then even understanding like
our transphobia
that we experience in our culture is
like really truly rooted and like white
supremacy and colonialism and this
conversation goes back like 400 years
and so that's like a really big systemic
thing but then living in a state where
like
this woman literally just lost her life
because this guy thought that she looked
queer like there are kids that like
like their families are like moving like
they can't like they can't they like
their kids are like if they have already
started their transition and they're
like if they're you know 16 year old and
they're a sophomore in high school and
they've been living
and their gender identity since they
were like a five-year-old kid they've
been on puberty blockers uh when they
were you know little they had a concert
of doctors and their family who cares
about them and loves them deeply help
them transition
um because if they didn't transition in
some cases not all cases but some cases
like these kids will have such intense
gender dysphoria that they can commit
suicide they can do things that can
truly never be reversed and so we have
these people making these hyperbolic
claims about protecting children
um and about you know protecting
children from making irreversible
decisions uh bathrooms fairness and
sports all these things when like trans
people make up like at most like two
percent of the population
like gun violence is out of control
education's out of control like people
don't have access to the food to the
healthcare I mean my book's been banned
like my book like peanut goes for the
gold like they were talking about
banning I mean like this is really
serious and so like it's just
frustrating I'm grateful but I think to
like have had a lot of my dreams come
true like I said in earlier but then in
this like environment of like where you
feel like oh my God like if one person
decides that like something that I said
or did they can like I mean you
literally because so much of the
transphobia that we read about like when
you read like if you read an article
about what happened to Dylan
um like the way that people just speak
about trans people and non-binary people
like the quotations the the inferred
like threats or like not believing that
we are who we say that we are
and but then like how that actually has
like been taken farther now to like
revoking Health Care like you know
limiting Access to Health Care calling
Healthcare child abuse
um
it's just really frustrating because
it's such like a gigantic conversation
that there's a lot of nuance and a lot
of people have been exposed to
misinformation and disinformation don't
really understand and so then and then
I'm in this position of like
like how do I balance like what I'm
seeing happening to friends and people
who I love and then like running a
business and trying to grow my business
and then with this backdrop of all this
[__] up [__]
it's hard
so I'm like you know I'm grateful like
and I'm also like a hairdresser who
loves doing hair like I love good
products like I'm someone who in my 20s
like I would overdraft my checking
account to get the shampoo and
conditioner that I wanted like I because
I know when your hair feels good like
when you feel good about how you look
like you just feel so much better and I
would literally choose like products
over food all the time in my 20s and so
I wanted to make products that are clean
and But ultimately like more than clean
like I really wanted to make products
that work really really well that don't
cost like a hundred dollars for a
shampoo and conditioner like I just
wanted to make really highly functional
products that work on people's hair the
hairdressers love and that people love
that they can actually afford and I'm so
passionate about it but like there's a
lot of things that I can't even think
about the cool things that I've done
because I'm like
literally like if you read comments
right now but like who cares about a
comment I don't really care about
comments I care about like what's
happened in my state like in Texas like
I mean they're like like this like drag
band that was just passed like I'm
performing in Texas in Austin in
December like I have to make sure like
there used to be able to be like now in
this show fun and [__] I wouldn't want
kids there anyway it was like an adult
show but like it is like
there is like I'm like there was there
was a lot they were talking about that
would like just force people to wear
clothes of their like biological sex in
public
that I didn't pass or there's a
conversation around it the way that
we're like trending and heading and any
time where you like talk about like
limiting a whole group's ability to like
you know access like information
Healthcare education or just like their
exposure to public under the guise of
like protecting kids like historically
we've really seen that a lot of times
like
against so many marginalized groups
so I think any time when that starts
happening we all really need to be super
leery especially because like sex abuse
is such a huge issue and it is happening
in families and in churches and it's
happening in schools um I'll tell you
where it's not happening is it drag
queen brunch
okay it's not happening there
um it's not happening in healthcare
clinics well maybe it could be in some
places like I don't you know
but really it's like it is not happening
in gender affirming care anything
happening at drag queen branches um it's
he's a dentist or you know some doctor
might put you under some those things
happen with these crazy [__] CIS head
doctors who you find out where like you
know impregnating their [__] patients
or like that is what it's like maybe
that but like in gender affirming care
and in drag queen brunch it's not child
abuse why why where's this because I've
noticed this what feels like quite a
tectonic shift
um in
transphobic narratives over the last
couple of months in particular
it seems to have been this this ground
and I can't figure out where it's come
from I was saying to this too earlier on
but if I don't know where it's come from
I don't really know part of it is
conservative thing tanks so when Biden
won in 2020
um and we saw this in Virginia because
the Virginia House of delegates uh it by
one vote State Republican and then
because they have off uh cycle elections
and Virginia has told 2019 it flips back
to or flips to Democrats and then 2021
it reverses again and goes back to
Republicans and the issue that they
really use there was bathrooms and trans
rights because the democratic-controlled
uh legislator in that 19 session had
done some things on trans rights and
they threw these conservative think
tanks because a lot of times Virginia
because it has off years like they use
that as like a Bellwether to like test
things like just on both sides like
Democrats and Republicans but they were
throwing everything at the wall they're
abortion hell no they don't want that
that's not going well for them right now
because most people support the right to
abortion so for Republicans like that's
not a winning thing right now but the
thing that in gay marriage that's not
really a huge thing anymore because most
people support gay marriage but when
they threw trans rights
when they through biological males
competing against women in sports
robbing you know your sweet pretty
little white girl of her you know
hard-earned sporting opportunities
that stuck
that stuck hardcore that got people
[__] circling the wagons honey so
um
that is when we really started to see
and when you were like oh just in these
last three months it has not just been
these last three months that's because
of the way that elections work and
because we just had a midterm election
in November of last year and then they
don't take office until January and then
it takes months and months for things to
get through committee and stuff
all of this [__] has been in the works
we've all been talking about this if you
look at my getting curious that was
canceled on Netflix last [__] year
there's a whole episode about this and
it's it talks about the anti-drag bills
up until 2022. as compared to that time
we have four times more at that time and
the graph was like this
so it isn't new and it just takes a
minute but um I think another thing that
we're seeing is that like you know how
you were saying like oh the lion or like
the the thing of like the Tigers coming
for you run away from the tiger so
that's like negativity bias versus like
positive positive bias that's why a
story of like someone getting murdered
or someone getting abused is gonna go
way farther than like you know the good
news network story you know it's your
negativity bias so that's the other
thing is that like because we have so
much fear-mongering around trans issues
right now
um that's also part of like why like it
feels like it's going so much farther
because people really are actually
thinking that people really think that
there's like little kids going and
getting hysterectomies like going to
school as a boy and coming home as a
girl having like full you know what I
mean like people actually have been
convinced that like there's little teeny
children who are making you know
permanent medical decisions with no
parental supervision with no medical
supervision people really think that's
true another huge issue that we're up
against right now is that there's so
much distance from information around
like the fact that actually like
biological sex is in and of itself a
spectrum like that's not even a binary
like do you know what intersex is
do I yeah no I don't so that's the i in
lgbtqia there is like six intersex uh
there's six my friend Alicia Roth Weigel
is an amazing intersex activist her book
is coming out it's called inverse
cowgirl she also just helped produce a
movie that just came out that is called
everybody but statistics show that up to
two percent I've interviewed her I'm
getting curious if you ever want to
listen to it but up to two percent of
our population is entering you should
actually have her on this podcast
because she's [__] major but two
percent of our population is intersex
we don't test everyone that's born for
what our chromosomes are so there's xx
and then there's X Y but then there's
also a variation that's x x y there's
also some there's like these multiple
variations there's six main ones that
qualify someone as intersex
um and so what happens is and is it like
if a kid is born intersex doctors they
don't even Mark that down like they will
take the kid they talk to the parent and
they say like whatever the genitalia
most appears as they're in literally one
thing that I have learned and have been
told is like doctors will literally say
it's easier to dig a hole than build a
pole so most people that are born
intersex they will make into someone
that looks biologically female but these
people will have to take hormones for
their entire life they have to have
gender they have to have genital surgery
like on their genitals when they are
babies I'm talking like operate on their
genitals when they're babies and then
when they're kids and then they have to
wear expanders when they're kids like
their parents have to teach them how to
wear expanders so they will have a
vagina that looks like other people's
vaginas so kids currently up to two
percent of people now when you say that
to transphobes they'll say like oh well
actually that study was wrong and it's
only 0.02 people it's not two percent
it's it's 0.2 and either way
two percent of the population of seven
billion that's hundreds of millions of
people who have intersex characteristics
of 0.2 that's still millions and
millions of people with intersex
characteristics and there's a lot of
people who look like they're men who are
actually walking around here with xxy
chromosomes a lot of men who can't have
kids it's actually because they have
they are intersex so intersex people
exist all over the place like intersex
is a real thing the idea of biological
sex being a binary isn't even true and
if you talk to biologists they will tell
you exactly what I'm telling you and
it's interesting in a lot of these
anti-trans bills for kids intersex kids
are specifically carved out
so in these bills it says you can't
commit no General mutilation no hormones
your kid must be the the biological sex
that they were born unless
they are intersex
and then we must do genital surgery we
must prescribe hormones we must enforce
the binary
so that's and if you think I'm being
hyperbolic right now not you or just
anyone watching like do this research
look up what intersex is
because can I ask you a really important
question uh that I've been I've been
mulling over in my head and I'm going to
be I think there'll be a lot of people
that are mulling this question in their
head which is how can I be a and I'm not
even sure if this is the right word but
how can I be a better Ally
um I think everyone needs to realize uh
I think the Ally talk is a little bit
garbage because it Ally implies that
like this doesn't affect me but because
I care about you I'm gonna fight against
this yeah but actually these Tran this
transphobia affects everyone like it
affects everyone
um it affects cisgender women because
like even now like there's little girls
who like they're wanting to like there's
this like little girls soccer team in
Utah where this one team beat the other
team and the K the parents of the kids
who got beaten accused the other girls
of being transgender and they were like
that's why they got beaten so like as we
start to like incentivize you know
checking kids genitals and checking like
to make sure that you're who you say you
are and like and really like villainize
this idea of transness it starts like
it's going to affect everyone like so if
it doesn't affect you now it's like we
already lost our right to reproductive
health care because the right to
reproductive Health Care in the United
States goes hand in hand with its bodily
autonomy so whether you're talking about
determining what your body does
reproductively or determining what your
body does as far as your gender
expression like they go hand in hand and
it's all about control so that control
affects everyone so I think we need to
like allyship I think is like oh like
I'm gonna do this like even though it
doesn't affect me I'm gonna be your ally
at least that's how I feel about it like
that's like how when I think of it but
really it's like we need people to
understand that like if you're white
racism it doesn't affect you in the same
way that it does for a person of color
but you shouldn't be like I'm gonna do
you a solid and be an ally you should do
what you should be you should be in that
fight because in Injustice anywhere is
an injustice everywhere and it will
affect you and actually the racism and
the transphobia and the homophobia and
the misogyny and the um the way that we
are like so like don't talk about
disabled people and and what they need
or people with disabilities in the
disabled Community is like all this does
is like keeps money in the most powerful
people the most powerful people's hands
like we all need to really come together
like like to me it's like the corporate
greed like that's really what is like
causing so much of this and then like
corporate greed because so much of that
is like made by Republicans they're like
look over here it's trans people look
over here it's gay people look over here
it's it's um it's food stamps like
they're being lazy like that's why those
people are being lazy these people don't
even work these people are [__] crazy
with their Tran their their kids are
running around like you know what I mean
so it's just a lot of like smoke mirrors
now as far as hair care or obsessive JV
and hair is definitely gorgeous can I
just say can I just say on this um your
team said to me before you arrived they
said we've we've worked with a few
people but nobody's ever been so deeply
obsessed in the product and been
authentically obsessed in the product as
you have so I've went through and I've
had a little sample of all of them they
are the most Exquisite exquisitely
smelling products I've ever wonderful of
um ingesting nasally
um
well done I heard this is breaking
records thanks
um pre-wash cup oil is amazing well I
think for me I really love formulas I
love formulas that work on all hair
types
um so for us I'm really big on like the
amount of product like if your hair is
finer in density you're going to use a
little bit less if your hair is quite
thick in density like a lot of hair per
square inch you're going to use a little
bit more
um that's an amazing heat protectant
right there that has niacinamide and
charged lemon protein in it so it's it
has no holes that's amazing for people
who just like want to put a little bit
of nourishment in their hair
um but it also has great heat protection
even if you don't style your hair with a
blow dryer or a curling iron you're
still experiencing heat from your body
heat in the Sun so it's just a great
hair hydrator
um but no hold if you wanted for you if
you wanted to like bring out your waves
a little bit we don't have any air dry
cream in there but uh it's over there
yeah air dry cream you could like put on
your waves when your hair is wet and
then like run your little like I saw
it's the foam uh no it's a cream air dry
cream but you can like really like take
that out with like a little like your
little wave brush and really just like
get like bring out your waves um you
could do like a sponge roller with that
um
I love our little air dry cream it's
great for textured hair it's really
great for like 18 through 4C that's on
damage that's great for anyone who's got
like highlights heat damage swimming a
lot you sold me and I'm I can't wait I
hope you love it we'll send something to
you and your partner oh we've got a huge
bag here thank you so much you're so
welcome we have a closing tradition
where the last guest leaves a question
for this yes who's your next one who's
your next one what about your life do
you think is abnormal and why oh okay um
[Music]
maybe like my five cats three dogs and
seven chickens and that's like maybe
more animals than most people have but I
get so much joy from my family and I
don't know if I really want human babies
I love my fur babies so maybe that's
that's I think why it's my life is so
fun do I get to ask the question the
next person yes but do I get to know who
the next person is I said to ask a
random question of someone I don't even
know yes and also they'll be turned into
cards that people will play with their
families and stuff oh [__] so it can't
be what's the [__] thing you've
ever done
all right
quick one as you guys know we're lucky
enough to have blue jeans by Verizon as
a sponsor of this podcast and for anyone
that doesn't know blue jeans is an
online video conferencing tool that
allows you to have slick fast high
quality online meetings without all the
glitches you might normally find with
online meeting tools and they have a new
feature called Blue Jeans basic blue
jeans basic is essentially a free
version of their top quality video
conferencing tool that means you get an
immersive video experience that is super
high quality super easy and super
basically zero fast apart from all the
incredible features like zero time
limits on meeting calls it also comes
with High Fidelity audio and video
including Dolby voice which is
incredibly useful they also have
Enterprise grade security so you can
collaborate with confidence it's so
smooth that it's quite literally
changing the game for myself and my team
without compromising on quality to find
out more all you have to do is search
bluejeans.com and let me know how you
get on
[Music]
you got to the end of this podcast
whenever someone gets to the end of this
podcast I feel like I owe them a greater
debt of gratitude because that means you
listen to the whole thing and hopefully
that suggests that you enjoyed it if you
are at the end and you enjoyed this
podcast could you do me a little bit of
a favor and hit that subscribe button
that's one of the clearest indicators we
have that this episode was a good
episode and we look at that on all of
the episodes to see which episodes
generated the most subscribers
thank you so much and I'll see you again
next time